# Wis3

This project was made during ETHGlobal - HackFS'23

### 🥇 $2500 Ceramic

### 🥉 $200 Huddle01

Hash

### Create course, sell courses and buy courses. 

Decentralised course platform, people can create, sell, buy course all in decentralised ecosystem. It allows seemless integration among SDK.

Refunds can be held by any centralised authority or instructor. To handle this we made a DAO with a twist. Twist is that not every vote is equal, the person who has reached further in course has higher vote weightage, giving an emphasis who has more data.

But how does the data in tamper proof? Well answer to that is that the timestamps is not generated by the user but by a backend server. In ComposeDB only the creator the data can modify it. So it prevents from tampering of data/certificates. The data/certificates to help users. We also used an existing data model basicProfile. Dao inherits this model so to have a better understanding

Aim is not only to help students to the content creator with help of Soul Bounded Tokens

We also proposed a solution so that course authors can conduct token gated livestreams thorugh Huddle01. Ceramic, Lighthouse.Storage, Huddle01 fit seemlessly. Data interoperability is the key in web3!



### Ceramic 

- We used composeDB to render dynamic websites
- Timestamps are stored through composeDB
- Timestamps acts as certificate which boost voting power in a DAO
- Encrypted room ID is store in composeDB

### Huddle01

- Recording videos
- Sharing screen
- Token gating LiveStream

### Lighthouse.Storage

- Token gating recorded lectures
- Encrypting the roomID, key being owner of the NFT
  
localhost
http://24.199.76.25:7007
